feat: implementation of test-case #001: Validators submit large transactions (#59)
celestiaorg/test-infra: tests/README.md

# Tests

Each `*.go` follows the naming of the test-case in `docs/test-plan/test-plan-id/*`. 

In order to not clutter the test-file with different participants' steps, each dedicated directory is created to 
maintain steps of each types of participants. 

> The `common` directory is maintaining steps for a participant that plays the same role in every of the test-case(e.g. creating a validators set)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `common` directory maintains steps for a participant that plays the same role in every of the test-case(e.g. creating a validators set)
```
